today we are at the LG Home Appliance
Factory in Clarksville Tennessee the
metal you see behind me is going to turn
into a washing machine this is the first
home appliance Lighthouse Factory in
North America more on that later let's
get
started the sheer size of this
autonomous LG washing machine factory
here in the USA is mindblowing this
million square ft Factory can
manufacture 1.2 million washing machines
each year along with 600,000 dryers it
all starts with these giant rolls of
stainless steel each weighing about
8,000 lb once the rolls are loaded up
onto a jumbo tape dispenser the sheets
are cut into long rectangles which will
eventually get turned into the washing
machine
drum after the metals rolled out and
stuck into the machine with the robot
arm 400 tons of pressure is used to
stamp it out one thing I noticed
throughout this tour is that there are a
lot of robots doing all the heavy
lifting and the dangerous tasks which is
great I wouldn't want my fingers
anywhere near the 400 tons worth of
stamping pressure that's used to add the
texture and drainage to the stainless
steel sheets the added texture helps
agitate the clothes to remove dirt as
the washing machine is spinning there
are three presses that stamp the tub
sequentially adding different features
with each stamp after that the rectangle
sheet is transported by cute little
automated guided vehicles or agv robots
these little guys are all over the
factory moving carts around and getting
inventory to the right places at the
right times the AGS use QR codes on the
floor to navigate and follow
instructions all while safety sensors
and cameras on the sides keep them from
bumping into humans or other robots they
can work non-stop until it comes time to
recharge and and it only makes sense
that in an autonomous Factory robots are
the ones that are changing the batteries
of the robots so they can get back to
work these little guys can carry 500 kg
and the bigger ones upstairs can carry a
thousand after getting triple stamped
the flat stainless steel drums are taken
upstairs to a laser welding machine
where they're rolled up into a
circle these drums can't yet wash
clothes all by themselves
though we need a larger injection molded
resin tub to give the stainless entered
some structure and all that happens
right here in the same building as
well LG has rows upon rows of 1,800 ton
injection molding machines each one of
which is about the size of a
bus little tiny pellets of resin which
feel just as cool as you might expect
are cork screwed into the machine tiny
pellets are better able to heat up
uniformly as 1,800 tons worth of
pressure is applied to the mold within
minutes a perfect washing machine tub is
formed it's then grabbed by yet another
robot arm and taken to the assembly line
where it's joined with the stainless
steel drum and plop down into a brand
new washing machine
housing
the external body panels of the washing
and drying machines are stamped here as
well and while automation is a focal
point the factory isn't entirely made up
of robots LG has over 900 people working
alongside the robots putting in Motors
Electronics control panels and doing the
final testing using AI LG can predict
washing machine performance without
having to run full Cycles reducing
energy by 22% and reducing defect rates
by 61% efficiency Automation and
artificial intelligence are what gives
the LG Clarksville Factory its
Lighthouse status from the world
economic Forum LG even uses AI cameras
to make sure the stickers are straight
and everything is cosmetically lined up
as it should be before the washing
machines are sent off to the final
boxing
where once again we see giant robot arms
handling all the wrapping and stacking
of the washers and dryers getting them
ready for
customers washing machine and dryer
technology have improved dramatically in
just the last few years the dryer I'm
most excited about is called a ventless
heat pump dryer the ventless design uses
far less energy than vented to dry a
standard load it's called the LG wash
tapw power a double stacked unit that
saves on floor space with a center
control panel in the middle that
controls both
units not having the long silver
flexible vent pipe allows it to be
installed in far more
places no ducting required LG uses some
kind of condenser magic to help keep the
moisture contained inside of the unit
while still getting all the clothes
optimally dry with AI and of course it
has the very same drum that started off
as a roll of St L Steel at the beginning
of this video the bottom half is a high
efficiency washer which uses five
variable jet sprays and steam to get the
job done faster it was incredibly cool
seeing LG take rolled up sheets of metal
and turn them into futuristic energy
efficient home appliances that we can
use every day I'm excited to see where
the future is headed and congratulations
to LG on their Lighthouse Factory award
and huge thanks to LG for letting us all
come out and see the process if you're
in the market for a new washer or dryer
I happen to know where a million units a
year are manufactured and I'll leave a
link for this one down in the video
description thanks D for watching and
I'll see you
around